hello to all and amelie I come back
today with the challenge of de luca created
with the nude palette of gemey
maybelline a superb palette very
varied where could do really full
different makeup and at the end of
video you may be able to win
this palette by rotating for your look
favorite but we commit sutil by this look
very natural and would only manage the
deposits to start I put a lighthouse
beige submit eyebrows it is now
it's really natural and I
also applies in the inner corner of
my eyelid
then I move my brush slightly
and I'm going to put the iridescent beige in the
inner corner in fact of my eye
really in touch of light it will be
much more intense and very pretty
I then apply this dark brown
elysées which is very very beautiful in the
outer corner my mobile eyelid and stand
degrades slightly inwards in
tracing a little the fold of my eye
then I apply it to brown in the middle
of my mobile eyelid really given of
the brightness and I follow with this
small strand a very pretty for really
blurred montmarault that I had applied
just before do not hesitate to
degraded this is what will make your
makeup will be pretty I take a little
fine brush and I will trace their
acts they inferior with the brown
illizi of the palette and I also add
a touch of walleye has a moral
lower eyelashes for light
and then I finish my look with the
sensational eyelash mascara it's really
the world mascara darling of the moment you
know now I can not use
the super good it will give an effect
thickened at the same time while separating
them if he is really very pretty and I
finish with a lipstick really
that they hang the light that is
super bright super cool with a small
blutch that goes a little in the same
shades goes on with the super outfit
relaxed because I got
makeup for a very simple occasion
I'm going out with my little boy, we're going
go to paris and enjoy this
beautiful day
and here I hope that the makeup you
will be pleased I invite you now go
vote for your favorite club and try
to win one of the 100 nude palette
on the high side site fr point fr
can find plenty of full early
of advice and I leave you I 'm sorry
big kisses 7 jan